I can't sleep it's Mike and Larry every
time those two go out of air reminds me
that uh you know maybe I'm not any
better at this than my father was that's
not true
you woulda drank a fifth of scotch and
passed out watching The Tonight Show
you're up and you're worrying about them
that's progress no no see see the
problem was you know my father always
used to get in the middle of everything
you know that's why Eric and I oh we
can't get along today you know we don't
have to work things out between the two
of us well that means it's just
sometimes I start to think about the
past and I get a little sad you wanna
have sex
sure all right
I'm going to the mall with Brenda I'll
see you later oh good I'm sure your
grandmother will enjoy seeing her what
yeah you got to drive grandma Betty to
the podiatrist anything else no you know
just that wait there a couple of hours
while they scrape ball for bunions no
excuse me I said no no well then I guess
we could always rip up that car contract
good do it then we're just gonna have to
take away the car
fine what do you mean fine don't you
mean no daddy I'll do anything please
don't take away my car no take the car
back I can't take this anymore I'm out
but you love that car yeah and what
about driving all your friends around to
being the cool girl with her own car
what about grandmas bunions you can
scrape them off yourself for all I care
I am done I'm gonna go now but I'll be
sure to tell pothead Charlie you guys
said hello
come on sure we can work something out
sweetie come on I'm sure we could come
to some sort of compromise come on honey
you're right what's this compromise yeah
it's some quarter compromise first
curfew 11:30 not gonna work for me okay
I'm sure we could bump it up twelve I'm
thinking 12:30 and driving Mike and
Larry around and running all your
errands I wouldn't hold your breath all
right okay all right Hilary you know
what you know let's just forget about
compromising and forget about this you
know silly little contract and you know
what else you should forget about what
ever driving that car again you're done
you can work done then that's too late
you're bossing us around
I'm the bump up guy not you
good going Moses you just read our only
slave
you know it would be fun why don't we
ask each other questions you know to get
to know each other better like what's
your favourite color that kind thing
okay
okay you go first um what's your
favorite band Coldplay now my turn are
you going out with me just make my
brother jealous so you can get him back
just for fun no I'm not really yes
really I have no interest in ever going
out with Mike again oh yes hey Mike you
get down here I was right Heidi said
that she wasn't going out with me to get
you back she was going out with me
because she likes me in your face go
ahead how you tell him I'm not
interested in you anymore either I mean
you were really funny in that time at
the pizza place but lately you just seem
I don't know paranoid paranoid that's
ridiculous
might put you up to this didn't you you
guys are already back together tell me
the truth I'm gonna leave now see it's
cool loser you're the loser you know
what Heidi was my girls
okay I tried to stay out of this but but
I can't okay you guys don't give me any
choice you you you're both out of the
Heidi business you can't date her and
you can't date her
alright you're done I shut you down no I
don't care that girl is bad news okay
she has a niche for the men in this
family and we have to cut her off before
she moves on to me comprende all right
fine hey and another thing
no father knows what the hell to do so
if you guys wind up hating each other's
guts and having a terrible relationship
it's not my fault on the other hand if
you end up close with a great
relationship you're welcome now if
you'll excuse me I have a fifth of
scotch to drink do you think that we
should tell him that Heidi dumped the
both of us or let him think he helped I
mean I say we get out of here before he
notices to fit this guy she's missing so
what do you want for it Wow I don't know
since I gave you $3,500 for it on
Wednesday I was thinking 3,500 I'll give
you 1,500 what are you crazy
hey everybody knows a car loses half its
value the minute it's driven off the lot
what Black Betty this is my driveway in
the interest of family harmony I'll give
you 2,000 and installment come on babe
why are you doing this to me is this
about the eggplant parmesan huh
wait cut me some slack you know I have
to eat that crap too
I'll pay full price thank you but I
noticed some strange new scratches up
front you're gonna have to give it a
whole new paint job that oughta keep the
fuzz off my tail for a while